docs: HRE implementation notes (#169)
input-output-hk/hermes: docs/src/architecture/08_concepts/hermes_runtime_engine/hre_state.md

# HRE state management

> It is obvious that a [Hermes Runtime Extension (*HRE*)][*HRE*] could has some internal mutable state.
> This state has to be global for the entire [*Hermes engine*]
> and has to be shared and consistent among all running [*Hermes applications*][*Hermes application*].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hermes Runtime Extension (HRE) may possess internal mutable states. These states must be global across the entire Hermes engine, ensuring shared and consistent access among all active Hermes applications.
```
